hi this is Dave so pair I on the road to
Williamsport with Encino Little League
Encino is one of only three teams left
in the entire state and needs only two
wins to advance to the Western Regional
in San Bernardino encino is ready so
let's go to the highlights in the top of
the first ocean who jumps out to an
early two nothing lead Cameron Bolger
responds when he shows lightning-quick
reflexes to field the comebacker and
squeeze it to Jamie Robertson to end the
inning in the top of the second Cameron
Bulger paints the outside corner for a
strike out but ocean view would score
seven more runs to take a nine nothing
lead Gordon Magruder comes in relief and
gets a fly ball to left field that Jack
sure tracks down and Gordon Magruder
finishes the inning with a strikeout but
the Encino offense would continue to
struggle it remains 9 nothing at the end
of two ocean view has three more runs in
the top of the third to make it 12
nothing mike cohen does a good job in
relief to get the ground out to his
second baseman blake hanson to end the
inning and mike cohen leads off the
bottom of the third with Encinos first
base hit at the game and
then he reads the ball in the dirt and
flies to second on the wild pitch so a
man's in scoring position for Gordon
Magruder who blasts a line drive to the
power alley scoring mike cohen to make
it 12 10 shin view to the top of four we
go we're set stone makes a nice play at
the hot corner for the first out in the
inning and then Cameron Bolger shows off
his blazing speed when he chases down a
ball in deep center and were headed to
the bottom of the four and Jamie
Robertson starts it off right when he
sends the pitch right back from where it
came from but Encino just couldn't put
together a rally so the game ends due to
a mercy rule the final score oceanview
12 and NC no one obviously you guys have
been down before and you've come back so
what will you take from the experience
of losing the conejo valley and coming
back twice on them well we never lose
twice in a row and don't you ever happen
it's knock on wood enum oh so we're
going to come back and play our hardest
we'll have our pitching that's become a
lot that game well some of our pitching
and once we do that if our pitching is
good tomorrow which it should be really
oh we're going to come back monday
because we got all the pitches one of
them yeah we're gonna have our pitching
back and we'll come back tomorrow and
beat them
you